Admin consent doc to address supportability (#78722)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/external-identities/redemption-experience.md

   ![Screenshot showing the Apps access panel](media/redemption-experience/myapps.png) 

In your directory, the guest's **Invitation accepted** value changes to **Yes**. If an MSA was created, the guest’s **Source** shows **Microsoft Account**. For more information about guest user account properties, see [Properties of an Azure AD B2B collaboration user](user-properties.md). 

> If you see an error that requires admin consent while accessing an application, see [how to grant admin consent to apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-admin-consent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see an error that requires admin consent while accessing an application, see [how to grant admin consent to apps](../develop/v2-admin-consent.md).
```
